ABOUT
	Astmontray is a very simple monitor applet to use in the system tray
	area ("systray" for windows users, "the clock area" for linux nerds
	and "on the bar" for osx kids). Its main purpose is merely to know
	if a list of Asterisk PBX servers are alive and kicking. Nothing
	more than that. It's not a Nagios replacement, not a full-featured
	monitor application. It is an applet. An applet.

	Astmontray is my first Python script ever made, so bear with me
	if you don't find the quality of code good enough :-) it's also
	my first attempt to use Qt4, basically by reading the examples and
	code reference from the sources.

	If it's responding to pings (not regular pings, but pings through
	the Asterisk Manager Interface) then it's all ok, if it's not then
	the server is probably down and you might want to check it out. If
	don't have AMI authentication enabled then your monitoring will be
	half complete and all status on the applet menu will be marked
	differently from the ones with authenticated users.


CONFIGURING
	The syntax of astmontray.conf is quite similar to the one used
	by Asterisk configuration files: a sort of .ini text file, categories
	plus entries and their options. Just rename astmontray.conf.sample
	to astmontray.conf and edit it as you want.

	You will also need to enable the AMI module by loading it at startup
	time. Unless you have it blacklisted in Asterisk's modules.conf it
	should work out of the box. You don't need to have a special AMI
	user in order to get Astmontray running, it works without auth too.


INSTALLING
	You will probably need to install an available Qt 4.4.x package
	for Python (2.5 tested, other versions should work too though).

	On Debian you only need to run (as root):
	apt-get install python-qt4

	On Mandriva that would be (as root as well):
	urpmi python-qt4-gui python-qt4-core

	On MacOS X, using the port software from MacPorts.org:
	sudo port install py25-pyqt4

	However, you might start getting some BUS errors and I believe
	it's easier and safer to install it from the sources of PyQt
	available from www.riverbankcomputing.com

USING
	Just run ./astmontray and have fun :-)
